## Why I Love Cerise Bouquet

I love Cerise Bouquet so much. I've been thinking about it lately and they're easily my favorite Love Live subunit of all time. I love absolutely everything about them- I love the characters, I love the characters' relationships, I love the seiyuu, I love their music, I love watching them live... They've given me so, so much joy over the past 2.5 years. I'm gonna yap a little bit about all the things I love about them for no particular reason other than wanting to express how important Cerise Bouquet is to me.

#### CHARACTERS

I love all of the characters in Cerise Bouquet and I also love the chemistry each of them has with the others, especially KozuKaho and GinKaho. As the story progresses, you can see all three of them growing as individuals and you can also see how their relationships help them grow in turn. Following them on their journey to win Love Live has been super rewarding.

KozuKaho is an amazing senpai-kouhai relationship that blossoms and becomes even deeper as the Hasu story progresses. Kaho loves Kozue for how caring and dedicated she is, which drives her to work even harder to win Love Live, and Kozue loves Kaho for her kind heart and earnest nature. Witnessing their relationship evolve over the course of the Hasu story was so rewarding. I especially enjoyed seeing Kozue learn to be more emotionally honest because of Kaho, such as in 103 ep 16 where she finally pours her feelings out for Kaho after losing Love Live, and I also enjoyed seeing Kozue learn to become her own person with Kaho's help after winning Love Live. For Kaho, Kozue's leadership skills, her dedication for winning Love Live, and her kindness are all unmatched. How can anyone feel qualified to be on stage with someone so amazing? Kaho must've thought that a million times, but with Kozue's patient guidance and kindness, Kaho learned to have confidence in herself and be a leader in her own right. Kozue and Kaho lift each other up and bring each other to new heights they never would've seen before, and it's all because they let themselves grow with the others' help.

GinKaho is the cutest ship ever and I want them to fall in love with each other ❤️ But for real, I love their dynamic for a lot of reasons. Kaho is definitely not a natural reliable senpai like Kozue is, but you can see how eagerly she approaches mentoring Ginko at the start of 104. When faced with Ginko losing enthusiasm for the club, she steps up and brings Ginko back with her kindness. Ginko grows to love Kaho because she always treats Ginko with kindness and always goes the extra mile for her, which Ginko isn't used to. Ginko, of course, has trouble expressing her feelings for Kaho, choosing to tease her instead, but to her, Cerise Bouquet would mean nothing without being able to be on stage side-by-side with her senpai, even leading her to confront Kaho during the end of 104 when Kaho proposes leaving the idol club to pursue her own dream. To Ginko, Kaho is irreplaceable- she is a constant beam of kindness and love whose absence would leave a hole in Ginko's heart. I can't wait to see how their relationship evolves in 105. (Side note: I just watched a With x Meets where Kaho yapped so much about Ginko's charm points that she got cut off. Peak content)

I have to talk a little bit more about Ginko specifically- she's my favorite character in Hasu and she's also voiced by my favorite seiyuu. Other than what I've already mentioned with her relationship with Kaho, I love Ginko's personality. She's a bit immature in the sense that she has a hard time being honest with her emotions. This is exemplified in both her silly moments, such as her cutting out the stream in her initial WithxMeets when she realized that her crane plushie was in the shot, and her more serious moments, such as her initially failing to recognize her shortcomings as an idol in 104 ep 7. She grew up without having any friends her age, so it makes sense that she'd be a little apprehensive about opening up to others, particularly when she has so many eccentricities and quirks of her own. Despite her retorts and her serious exterior, she's fiercely loyal to her friends and thinks the world of them. After all, they're the people that opened their hearts to Ginko in a way that few other people had before she joined the club. The contrast between Ginko's slightly tsun exterior and her inner feelings are what make me love Ginko so much. She's an earnest, sappy sweetheart at her core and everyone knows it, hence all the teasing she gets from Hime and Kosuzu. She's just so endearingly adorable in every way possible, like how she desperately tries to hide her dorky side from others, how she has a hard time being honest with her inner feelings and shoots retorts when teased about it by her friends, and how her love for her friends ends up bursting out without fail when she feels like she has to stand up for them. Cerise Bouquet wouldn't be the same without her.

#### SEIYUU

Oh my god. How did they manage to put three of the cutest people on earth in this one unit. All three of the seiyuu have their own little quirks that make them so lovable and cute, like Uisama's tendency to spin around whenever she's happy, Chuke's circular clapping that became part of Kaho's character, and Hiichan slapping her dress when she can't clap because she's holding a mic or something. I love all three of them so much for so many reasons. ❤️

I've always had a lot of respect and admiration for the Love Live seiyuu who were very clearly fans of the show and/or tried really hard to become a part of the project through the public auditions, and Uisama is no exception. Even though she wasn't selected to be a part of Liella from the public auditions, she eventually got to be a part of the project, which makes me so happy. She's so talented- her dancing is on point, her singing is gorgeous, and she truly embodied the elegance of Cerise Bouquet. It's clear that she loved being part of Hasunosora from the very get-go, and if there were any doubts, they were fully cast away when she gave heartfelt remarks to all 8 other members of Hasu during the 104 graduation live. She was the perfect choice to give life to Kozue. Also, I just love the contrast between her ojou-sama esque appearance and mannerisms and how silly she can be. She deserves the cult she's amassed in her two years in Hasu.

Nonchuke is so damn cute. I'm a Hiichan oshi but I can't deny that Chuke is just sooo adorable. Her cheeks are so puffy and cute... Anyway, to me, I see a lot of parallels between her and Kaho- Chuke has been the center of the group since the beginning, so she's always been a leader in my eyes, but I've really felt her growing into that role over time. It may just be me, but Chuke seems more confident in namas and Sehasu today than she was at the start of the project. As part of Cerise Bouquet, I don't think they could've picked a better choice to play Kaho- like Kaho, her bright and cheery voice and her adorable stage presence embody the genki and cute side of Cerise Bouquet. It was the balance between Uisama's elegance and Chuke's cuteness that drew me into Cerise Bouquet in the first place, and the balance of these traits is ever-present in their music. I hope Chuke stays around for a long time, because it'll be so hard to imagine Cerise Bouquet without her. 

Hiichan... god. I love Hiichan so much. I've already said she's cute, but just to elaborate- she is so expressive. I find myself watching her in the namas just to see her reactions to things. She has the greatest smile on the entire planet too... I still melt whenever I think of how her face lit up when she saw me at Hasu 3L and how she gave such a big and bright smile to me 😭❤️ She's adorable even when she's failing miserably at cooking Shogayaki or being salty and calling Rin annoying during a card game. But it's not just her cuteness that draws me to her- she's a great performer who strikes a balance between Uisama's elegance and Chuke's genki-ness, fitting in perfectly with Cerise Bouquet. I love her singing voice- it's generally pretty soft and elegant, but it can be very powerful when she wants it to be, such as in the second chorus of Aoku Haruka (my favorite Ceribu and Hasu song). I also love that she's a hometown hero for Hasu, hailing from Kanazawa herself, not just because it fits in perfectly with Ginko's character but also because I have a lot of respect and admiration for seiyuu who make it to the big leagues in Tokyo despite coming from a small town or small city far away from where all the action happens. It reminds me a bit of my life and I love Hiichan all the more for it. Finally, I can tell that she has a lot of love and respect for her senpais in Cerise Bouquet and Hasu- I think about her 104 graduation live MC where she thanked Uisama for being so kind and supportive of her, even though she had all these anxieties about being in the same unit as her amazing senpais. Hiichan is just so sweet, so funny, so talented, and yes, so cute. I love her to pieces and I hope to keep supporting her for years to come.

#### MUSIC

Disclaimer for this section: I know literally nothing about music theory or instrumentation or literally anything like that so please don't be too mad if I use the wrong terminology lol

Something about Cerise Bouquet's music just speaks to me. It's hard to put into words, but many of my favorite Cerise Bouquet songs have complex and evocative classical instrumentation, powerful vocals, a sense of progression throughout the song, and a mix of elegance and idol-esque cuteness. They're idol songs that have a healthy dose of elegance and refinement without losing sight of the peppy flavor of idol music that, say, Muse and Nijigasaki full group songs are known for. This creates a distinct musical style from the rest of the units in the Love Live franchise. It's really difficult to describe without the language that people with more music knowledge have, but what matters is that Cerise Bouquet has a unique sound that can make me smile and make me cry all at the same time. Something about it really just sparks joy in me, whether I'm watching them live or just listening to their music while driving to work.

Some of my favorites include Suisai Sekai, which really captures the essence of Cerise Bouquet's music. The heavy usage of classical instrumentation, the slow build-up from the beginning to the chorus, and the powerful vocals all add together for an incredibly emotional song. I've seen it the most of all of Cerise Bouquet's discography but it still gets me emotional every time I watch it. I also like Genyou Yakou for many of the same reasons plus it being the only mandatory UO song in the franchise that isn't Snow Halation. I messed up the UO timing for Genyou Yakou at 3L and I was happy I could correct that at 4L. I'd also put Tsukuyomi Kurage in this category, with the added charm points of the gorgeous outfits and the traditional japanese instrumentation throughout the song.

My #1 favorite song in all of Hasunosora's discography is Aoku Haruka. It has a lot of the same elements of Suisai Sekai and Genyou Yakou, but what really seals the deal for me are the intro and the outro with only the bass instrumentation, the piano, and the string part that seamlessly transition the listener in and out of the song. The intro sets the mood for me and gently eases me in before the song bursts into the powerful and evocative verse, and the outro caps off the song with a gentle piano melody that places me back down gently while still preserving the emotion of the song in its final moments. I also love the vocals in the song, especially the solo parts in the chorus. Hiichan's vocals really shine in the second chorus: you can hear the emotion in her voice as she belts out "Yuruganai mono", a rare opportunity for someone with a more gentle voice like Hiichan. I think this song is really slept on and I wish it got more love, but I'm glad to have had the opportunity to see it at 3L. Hearing the song live and seeing the seiyuu perform it right in front of me was just an absolutely unreal experience. I cried a lot.

Many of Cerise Bouquet's songs lean more to the genki side though, and I like a lot of those songs too. Holiday Holiday is a great example- the lyrics and choreography are incredibly cute (my favorite part is when Chuke grabs Ui's hand and drags her across the stage just like the single cover art) and the song just never fails to put a smile on my face. It's definitely their most popular song and for good reason. I also like Sugao no Pixel and Fortune Movie for many of the same reasons. Fortune Movie in particular is an excellent showcase of the on-stage chemistry that Ui and Chuke have. It really feels like they embody Kozue and Kaho on stage when they perform that song, especially the banter part after the second chorus. I also really like the jazz instrumentation- it perfectly compliments the vibe of the song. Speaking of jazz instrumentation, Hanamusubi combines both jazzy instrumentation with jazz choreography, which I absolutely love. Someday I'd love to learn the dance to Hanamusubi. I also loooove the outfits for the song and I'm so sad that they never got a stage appearance :(

A few of their songs are just straight up outliers, but I still like them a lot. Mix Shake is definitely an outlier in their discography in terms of tone and also having a lot of calls, but it's just so much fun. Between the calls and the towel spinning, I'm always really tired after the song, but I'm always happy to see it live. Celebration is a bit of a polarizing song since it's very heavy on the jazz and rock instrumentation which gives it a very distinct feeling from the rest of Cerise Bouquet's discography. It's not what you would expect to be the very first song that Cerise Bouquet releases in its new 105 configuration, but I enjoy the change of pace.

Cerise Bouquet's discography is so, so, so good. I haven't touched on all of it, but I love it so much. Their core sound is amazing and can make me smile like an idiot and cry like a baby, and they aren't afraid to branch out and try new things. I can't wait to see what 105 Ceribu will bring to the table. I really like the previews for their new songs, especially Fruit Punch which is like a cutesier and more poppy take on their genki songs.

#### SUMMARY

There are a lot of things I like about being a Love Live fan. I like listening to the music. I like playing the mobile games. I like watching the seiyuu dance and sing on stage. I like doing the calls and cracking UOs. I like bringing my nesos to restaurants so I can take cute pictures of them with my food. I like waving my penlights like a madman hoping for a wave or a point during a cart section. I like hanging out with my friends after a live and getting absolutely blasted with some lemon sours. I like waking up early to catch a nama, only to find out that there was no important news and the seiyuu instead spent the whole time playing old maid. All of these things make me happy and keep me coming back to this franchise for more, even after 6 years.

At the end of the day though, the moments I treasure most are when I get so uncontrollably happy and emotional that I just can't help but smile like a doofus or sob for minutes on end. Though I live a good life, those moments of pure, unbridled joy are few and far inbetween. Cerise Bouquet, whether it be through listening to their music, watching their segments in the Hasu story, or watching them live, has an ability like no other unit in Love Live to give me those moments of pure joy. That's why I love Cerise Bouquet so much.
